Wayne!
Oh. fuck.
Dad! Rue's headed for the barn!
What the fuck?!
Oh. fuck!
No. no. no. no!
Run!
Hurry your ass up and run!
Oh. fuck. man.
Help!
Wayne!
- There you go.
- Thank you. thank you. thank you.
- Whoo! Whoo!
- I'm a cold motherfucker!
- Baby. I swear to God!
- Whoo!
Oh. shit!
Damn! My motherfucking heart
was beating out my motherfucking chest!
- Yo. me too. bro!
- Damn!
Did you see? He fucking got me. dude.
- He got me.
- Fuck. did you see? I got him!
Motherfucker. I was like. bow!
- Motherfucker! Sit your ass down!
- You got his ass.
Here you go.
What do I do?
We'll figure it out together.
Good work.
I'm proud of you.
Come here.
Come on. have a seat.
Easy now.
Oh. fuck.
You know. I think you was right all along.
About what?
You and me...
we was meant to be.
You look like you're in pain.
'Cause I am.
Percocet.
I take 'em for my back.
Mm.
You know. Laurie knows it was me.
Yeah. that bitch thought
she had the upper hand.
But little did she know.
I could train a motherfucking mule
to win the Kentucky Derby.
Oh.
Yeah. I could have fucked
that bitch up real good.
But I'm a gentleman. No need to gloat.
So I propose a 50/50 split of the load...
and a lifetime truce.
But it's still going.
Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Matter of fact. they should be sailing
into America tonight.
I used to love these.
Hey. now. That's for the physical pain.
Not that shit up in your head.
You hear me?
I meant what I said.
I don't want you fucking around too much.
You're my employee of the year.
Matter of fact.
I want you to take a week off.
- Yeah.
- Go home. relax.
Run yourself a nice Epsom salt bath.
You need stitching up.
you send me the bill. I got you.
Just need you to heal up.
How are we looking?
Shit all there.
Go ahead. take a peek.
Just a little token of my appreciation.
Rest up.
Don't come back asking me
for more of that shit.
G.
- What's happening?
- It's good.
Could I see it again?
You promised you'd show me how to shoot.
I know it hurts.
I'm okay.
Alright. Go get the girls.
We should both go.
And leave this van?
Hola. I'm here for some girls.
We good.
Where's my Coke?
Thought you were done.
I wasn't done.
Sorry.
Let's just get the fuck out of here. man.
How do so many people get to be so evil?
It's easier.
What. it's easier to do the wrong thing
than it is to do the right thing?
It's human nature. We're selfish.
Yeah. well. why did God make us like that?
I don't know. Rue.
But someday. I'll ask Him for you. okay?
Now. get out!
Do you mind if I sit on
your couch for a little while?
Of course. you can. It's always yours.
Thanks.
Kill the engine.
- How you doing tonight?
- Every day is a blessing. sir.
Ah. here are our passports...
and our medical pass.
- Where are you headed?
- Just outside Los Angeles.
What are you transporting?
A couple young ladies
who weren't satisfied
with what God gave 'em.
Hey. fix your shit.
- Name?
- Edward Wallace.
You.
- Name.
- Mitchel. Bilster.
Remain seated. please.
Hi.
- Your name?
- Kitty.
No Kitty here.
Oh. my God. I'm so stupid. Katherine.
Christina.
You have any narcotics
or weapons in the vehicle?
Absolutely not. No. sir.
Welcome back home.
Thank you.
In the beginning.
God created the heavens and the earth.
The earth was without form and void.
and darkness was on the face of the deep.
And the spirit of God
was hovering over the face of the waters.
Then. God said...
"Let there be light."
And there was light.
And God saw the light. that it was good.
And God divided the light
from the darkness.
God called the light day.
and the darkness. He called night.
I didn't let her out of that room.
- Did you. Bruce?
- Fuck. no!
- Laurie?
- No.
Could Mitch have done it?
Mitch ain't here.
So. if it wasn't you. using the laws
of deductive reasoning.
that only leaves one person.
But Faye's the one who woke me up.
Oh. speak of the devil.
Here we go again.
You got a long. thin tapeworm
hanging out of your ass.
Ew! You're so gross.
Go on. get high.
That's a great fuckin' idea.
If you can't get justice one way.
get it another.
Mitch?
Mm-hmm.
Okay. bye.
They're 30 minutes out.
About fuckin' time.
Package is en route.
Air wing has the eye.
Copy that.
Can't wait to nail
these fuckers to a cross.
Oh. fuck. Fuck! Shit!
- Oh. fuck. my stomach!
- I told you.
Bougie. get the fuck outta here!
If they were painkillers.
you'd be constipated.
not shitting your brains out.
What the fuck are you saying?
They're laxatives.
Babe. we packed the bags ourselves.
It's a set up?
In about 20 minutes. you ought to be dead.
After that. I won't have
much trouble finding a man
who's already wounded.
They know something we don't.
Wayne. what's your 20?
Answer me. boy. where the fuck are you?
Go! Hyah!
Wayne. if you're listening. fuck you.
Fuck.
I can't go to prison.
- Fuck. Harley!
- I can't.
Fucking DEA. man.
Fuck you. we should have
fucking killed you
- when we had the fucking chance.
- You think this was me?
- Fucking shit. Yeah. it was you!
- Yeah. it was fucking you!
- These are my friends?!
- Ohh!
- Fucking idiot!
Harley!
- Fuck you!
- You set me
and my fucking people up. dog.
Hands up!
My hands are up! Fuck you!
I don't have a gun.
I don't have a gun!
DEA! DEA!
Hands! Hands up!
You are surrounded.
Surrender your weapons.
Comply with the officers
and walk out the front door.
Got two suspects detained.
We're loading them in the BearCat.
What are you gonna do. boy?
- Move! Move!
- Moving in!
Targets on lock!
I'm not going back to prison. bro.
Give me the word.
I'll take every last pig out.
DEA! DEA!
Hands in the air!
Drop that weapon!
Slide the weapon!
Put down the weapon!
Put your hands up! Do it now!
- Drop that weapon now!
- Do it!
Hands in the air and drop to your knees!
Nobody move!
Hands in the air!
Get your fucking hands up!
Get off that bag. bitch! Come on!
Spread out. Get out!
On your knees!
Get down. Down.
I got a target on the roof
attempting to escape.
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
She's on the roof! On the roof!
What the fuck is she doing?
- Get away from the ledge!
- Get down!
Step down from the roof!
Step away from the edge of the roof.
Pork chops and pussy's
on me tonight. boys.
Tell Alamo that I'm looking
forward to meeting him one day.
You tell him yourself.
I quit.
It's a historic day for SpaceX.
The nearly 400-foot Starship rocket
launched from South Texas today.
It is the first ever attempt at using
the novel catching method.
You're up early.
I couldn't sleep.
How's the hand?
Yeah. it's better.
- Cool.
- And now. breaking news
from Corcoran Correctional Facility.
where last night a prisoner broke out.
employing a method authorities described
as unconventional.
Patrick "Fezco" O'Neill
was serving a life sentence for murder.
The inmate was last seen near
the facility's east perimeter
after using what appears to be parkour
to climb the wall and escape.
Law enforcement agencies have launched
- a full-scale manhunt...
- Oh. my God. he did it. Oh. my God.
Holy shit. holy shit. holy shit.
- He did it!
- What?
Ali. he fucking did it. he did--
- Are you seeing this right now?
- Yeah. what?
- Oh. my God!
Oh. my God. I have to go get him!
- Go get him?
- Yes!
- What? No.
- Listen. I promised him
that if he ever got out.
I would go pick him up.
- I have to go.
- Okay. you're thinking crazy.
- You're not thinking straight. okay?
- No. I'm not.
I know where he's hiding. man. I gotta go.
Well. what are you gonna do.
pick up an escaped convict?
Come on. now.
Ali. you said it yourself.
"Rain or shine."
- Yeah. but I didn't mean--
- Shit. Oh. my God.
Rue!
Framing the proposal as a cornerstone
of his closing argument against
Vice President Kamala Harris.
Latest polls show a deadlocked race
between candidates Trump and Harris.
Arizona remains one of the most closely
watched battleground states.
with both campaigns investing heavily
in the weeks ahead of November's election.
Come on. Fez. come on.
Come on. bro.
Fucking red!
Oh. fuck. Come on. come on.
Fuck!
Come on.
It's green! Let's go!
Let's go!
Come on. come on. come on.
- Yeah. I need to get through there.
- Sorry. ma'am.
- The alley is closed down.
- I understand that. but.
- like. that's my house.
- Yeah. the alley is closed.
- You can't come down this way.
- Yeah. but that's my house.
- No. look! The pink house...
- The alley is closed. ma'am.
- Ma'am. you need to calm down.
- It's my fucking house!
But I already went to the other side.
they said I couldn't go.
and I came over here.
You're gonna have to wait
till it's open up.
- So I just can't go home?
- That's correct.
- Okay. Whatever.
- You're gonna have to wait. ma'am.
- Okay.
- It's unsafe.
We got a runner down the alley!
- Oh. shit.
- Go. go. go. go.
Fez! Fez!
She's going up on the roof.
Mom?
Rue?
Rue.
Give her peace.
God.
Hey. Leslie.
It's me. Ali.
I'm calling with some bad news.
I used to believe that the world
would be a better place
if people could empathize with addiction.
To understand that addicts were suffering
from an incurable disease...
no different than cancer.
The addict may be
in remission. but that...
that disease ain't gone.
I thought that empathy was the key.
But if you can empathize...
with an addict. you can also
empathize with a dealer.
They're selling drugs
to feed their children.
Who can't understand that?
So maybe...
empathy ain't that helpful after all.
And maybe the real disease...
is that people no longer
know the difference
between right and wrong.
I don't care what your struggles may be.
You poison kids for money.
You're evil.
It's plain and simple.
The number one cause of death
for people under the age of 50...
is fentanyl.
That ain't an accident.
That's big business.
I ain't just talking about the kid
on the corner selling fake Percocets.
You know how many motherfuckers
got to be complicit?
From the governments
that allow their people
to make the chemicals.
to the shipping companies
to bring that shit across the seas.
to the dockworkers that let that shit in.
to the cartels. the cookers.
the corrupt cops.
the fucking bureaucrats at the border.
the nonprofits who justify it.
and the lawyers and politicians
who defend it all.
A couple of months ago...
I lost someone I really cared about.
And for the first time in a long time...
I picked up a drink.
I didn't even know
what to do with the pain.
I've been a Christian. a Muslim.
And suddenly.
I found myself not believing in shit.
But that ain't it either.
I just know that I'm tired.
Tired of losing people.
Tired of spending my life
in these rooms. and in diners. and...
at my house.
Talking to kids.
Helping kids. Pouring my fucking
heart and soul into kids.
Only to not see them get a second chance.
I'm done.
Only thing I know for certain
is that there is a right
and a wrong in this world.
There ain't no in between.
You're either making
the world a better place
or you're making it worse.
In the end. it's that fucking simple.
This is gonna be my last meeting.
I'm gonna find another way
to be of better service.
Green makes you wanna online shop.
Blue makes you sleepy.
Yellow gets you excited.
But caramel makes you horny.
Couples with caramel in their homes
are three times more likely to have sex.
Apparently. it tricks your brain
into thinking about pleasure
due to its association
with indulgent foods.
Are you sure you don't wanna
just sell this place?
I owe more than it's worth.
but I think that's a good thing.
How is that a good thing?
Mm. because it forced me
to put on my entrepreneurial hat.
We concept everything for the girls.
photoshoots. videos. hair. makeup.
In exchange. we just charge room and board
and take a cut of everything they make.
The only thing we're missing
is a storyteller.
And that's me?
Don't wait up for me.
I'll be late.
It'll be easier
if you pretend to like him.
What's its name?
- Snowflake.
- That's cute.
I agree.
So you got yourself a girlfriend?
It's a boy.
You give him this haircut?
I wouldn't have thought of you
as a poodle man.
Why?
I don't know. you kinda give me
the Doberman type.
I like to surprise people.
You know what I would find surprising?
A little grace in this world.
Do you think Nate's ever gonna come back?
I don't know.
I hope so.
- Do you miss him?
- Of course.
Be weird if I didn't.
But like. the mystery of it.
Him just disappearing?
That doesn't keep you up at night?
I don't like to think about it.
You ever read the Bible?
No. why?
Rue left it on the couch.
I'd wake up in the morning to go to work.
make a cup of coffee.
There it was. just...
looking at me.
What do you mean. looking at you?
Just sitting there.
right where she left it.
Mm. That's really spooky.
Yeah.
I almost threw it out.
but that felt like a worse omen.
So you just left it there?
After like a month or so.
I worked up the courage
to move it to the bookshelf.
but that didn't do anything.
And I still had this creepy
Bible in my apartment.
so I was like. fuck it.
I guess I'll read it.
And what'd it say?
A lot of things.
It's kind of incredible. actually.
Like. you'd think it'd be boring.
but there's a lot of violence and sex.
So there's a new Bible?
No. it's the same Bible.
So. the old one?
Yeah.
Was it any good?
- It's kind of beautiful.
- Hm.
A little confusing. but fascinating and...
I don't know. it just had me
thinking about a lot of stuff.
Like what?
Just that certain things aren't my fault.
Not that I'm without faults. but...
Rue?
I think...
I've just had a lot of guilt
about how I left things.
like I could have...
I could have left things better.
She was a drug addict.
Yeah. I know.
It's kind of like Dad.
The last thing he ever said
to me was. "I love you."
Didn't make it any easier.
So it doesn't matter how you leave things.
It still sucks.
Yeah. but that's the thing.
Like. after Dad.
I spent the next ten years
worrying that was gonna happen again.
To who?
To me. that I'd...
lose someone and...
What does this have to do with the Bible?
In the Bible. everyone's dying
of all different things.
and they just keep going.
And that's the heart of it. I think.
Bad things happen.
So. why have anxiety about it?
Like. what good does it do?
No matter what.
you have to just keep going. and...
that's the point of it. I think.
She had a really nice smile.
Rue?
Yeah.
I think a smile says a lot about a person.
When you smile. other people smile.
It's contagious.
So you wanna work together?
I appreciate the offer. but I...
think I have to figure
some stuff out first.
Are you saying no because of the Bible?
I don't know.
I think I have to read it again.
Hell no. I'm next.
Just as you like it.
There she is. my favorite little CEO.
You like that. baby.
Keep an eye on Snowflake.
- Oh. my God.
- Okay.
So adorable.
You don't want to count it?
- Nah.
- It could be a deck of playing cards.
I had an epiphany.
- What?
- I had an epiphany.
I was sitting at the edge of the stage
watching Kitty dance.
She tall. but limber.
And as she parted her pins
like a little marionette.
that's when it happened.
What happened?
My epiphany.
I dedicated my life to pussy.
Bought. sold. fucked.
devoured every shape and size.
But there I was...
staring up at Kitty's slit...
when it consumed me.
It was fear.
I might run the club.
But pussy still runs me.
Hm.
So what the fuck I been
doing all this time?
You've been building a business.
For what?
For who?
For you.
To be free.
- Free?
- Mm-hmm.
I'm just another slave
with a little more money in my hand.
I'm Kitty. and I love a man in uniform.
Where's your manager?
You look like you just got home from work.
Wanna let off some steam?
I asked for your manager.
- G?
- Yeah.
There's a man here to see you.
Tell him I got my hands full.
Can you tell him?
Y'all keep that shit wet.
I think you just need
to lay off the merchandise.
I think it's deeper than that.
This thing that you got between your legs?
It's a miracle.
I'm talking white picket fences.
That Norman Rockwell kind of life.
Cute little girl in the kitchen...
barefoot and pregnant.
Us?
It's biblical.
You sure about that?
I want the American dream.
I'm old.
The American dream. baby.
I want it.
For our four beautiful
cocoa-colored babies. too.
What's up. soldier? What you want?
Are you the manager?
- Who's asking?
- Me.
How are you?
I don't know no motherfucking "Me."
Who is you?
A friend of Rue's.
Well. Rue don't work here no more.
- Why?
- People come and people go.
Is this place owned by Alamo Brown?
You know what. for a stranger...
you ask a lot of motherfucking questions.
Sit your monkey ass down.
Put your hands where I can see 'em.
Kidd. Hey. Kidd.
Hey. Kidd.
Lean in.
Now. if you lie to me...
I'm gonna blow
your motherfucking dick off.
Now. I asked you a question.
Is this place owned by Alamo Brown?
- Mm-hmm.
- Is he here?
- Good. good.
What happened to Rue?
- She OD'd.
- How?
Fentanyl.
Who the fuck gave it to her?
I don't know.
Nigga. look at this.
You lied to me.
I'm here for Alamo Brown.
Alamo motherfucking Brown!
Get your bitch ass out here!
Alamo Brown!
Alamo. get the fuck down here!
I ain't fucking with y'all.
Hands where I can fucking see 'em!
You wanna die tonight. motherfucker?
Step up!
Drop it on the ground!
Get your dick against the wall.
Dick against the motherfucking wall!
I'm here for one motherfucker!
Alamo Brown.
Alamo!
Alamo Brown!
Bitch-ass--
Someone say my motherfucking name?
This is fucking Alamo Brown!
Yeah. what?
Go on. shoot.
Shoot. nigga. Shoot!
You want you some Alamo Brown?
I'll be right out.
Got a Remington 870. huh?
Yeah. motherfucker.
I might not be the most
educated nigger on the planet...
but I do know how to count.
And you got three shots left. soldier.
And I got way more than three
armed motherfuckers up in here.
So unless you got another gun
I don't know about...
odds are...
you gonna die tonight.
I'm prepared for that.
You know. you could have shot
right through that girl
and killed my Black ass stone dead.
But you hesitated.
You a man of principle?
Bring your bitch ass out here
and find out.
Ladies and gentlemen. we got us
a big swinging Mandingo dick
up in here tonight.
How 'bout this. Mandingo?
I'll give your Black ass
one fair shot of me
before my boys blow your ass to bits.
I'll take it.
So go on ahead
and lower that shotgun...
and we can settle this
the old-fashioned way.
The old-fashioned way?
Yeah.
Word is bond.
Kitty?
Yeah?
That motherfucker lower the shotgun?
Yeah.
- Bitch. I can't hear you!
- Yes!
Bitch. you don't sound too sure.
I'm sure.
So. what's your name?
You wanna tell me who sent you?
Rue.
So you got a score to settle.
Something like that.
Kitty.
- Kitty.
- Yeah?
Grab me a champagne bottle.
Got it.
It empty?
No.
Bring it over here. sweet cheeks.
That's some good shit.
- You want some?
- I don't drink.
Motherfucker. you ain't no fun.
Kitty.
Take this here bottle...
and roll it across that bar right there.
And when it drops...
all you motherfuckers best duck.
'Cause that's when we gonna draw.
Now how that sound?
Fine by me.
Just so we're clear...
guns stay down
till that bottle shatters now.
No cheatin'.
Alright. Kitty cat.
Let that motherfucker roll.
One Mississippi.
Two Mississippi.
Three Mississippi.
I'll see you in hell. you motherfu--
Just in case.
May God have mercy.
Can I give you a ride home?
How can I help you?
My daughter stayed here a while back.
She said it was the most
peaceful place she'd ever been.
Ruby?
- Yeah.
- How is she?
She's in a better place.
Well. I'm sorry to hear that.
What's your name?
Martin. Martin McQueen.
Pleasure to meet you. Martin.
Why don't you come in?
Let's have some coffee and...
talk a bit. hm?
She just had her baby three months ago.
It's a miracle.
You hungry?
Follow me.
Martin. would you please lead us in grace?
Father...
I pray today for those whose eyes
have grown weak with sorrow...
whose soul and body
are weighed down by grief
and whose strength is failing.
Lord. pour out Your mercy upon them.
Let Your face shine upon them
and save them
in Your unfailing love.
Thank you. Rue.
Let her memory be a blessing.
Amen.
May God bless us all.